Task 2:

Q1)How git workflows works?
Ans)There are three main components of a Git workflow :
    ->Repository : The repository, or repo, is the “container” that tracks the changes to your project files. 
      It holds all the commits—a snapshot of all your files at a point in time—that have been made.
      You can access the commit history with the Git log.
    ->Working tree : The working tree, or working directory, consists of files that you are currently working on.
      You can think of a working tree as a file system where you can view and modify files.
    ->Index : The index, or staging area, is where commits are prepared. The index compares the files in the
      working tree to the files in the repo. When you make a change in the working tree, the index marks the file 
      as modified before it is committed.


2)What are the different stages of a git project as a commit, add?
Ans)-> Untracked: the file exists, but is not part of git's version control
    ->Staged: the file has been added to git's version control but changes have not been committed
    ->Committed: the change has been committed


3)Is it possible to do a git commit before git add,  if you made any changes. Explain why?
Ans)No, because you have to explicitly tell Git which changes you want to include in a commit 
    before running the "git commit" command. This means that a file won't be automatically included
    in the next commit just because it was changed. Instead, you need to use the "git add" command 
    to mark the desired changes for inclusion.


4) Why is git diff used ?
Ans)The diff command calculates and displays the differences between two files, and is typically used 
    to investigate the changes between two versions of the same file.Compares the working directory with
    index, i.e. shows the changes that are not staged yet.


Q5)Can we leave the commit message as blank?
Ans)Yes, git generally requires a non-empty message because providing a meaningful commit message is part 
    of good development practice and good repository stewardship. The first line of the commit message is 
    used all over the place within git.


Link to github repository:


https://github.com/boddulurisrisai/git_series
https://www.google.com

